hey what's going on guys chris is here
and welcome back to the channel yo
welcome back you know all the stubborn
family members and shit and on top of
that welcome to all the new viewers that
has came back in today I'm on the moon
once again guys and I won't be showing
you all another Luke aid one of this is
one of our subscribers you know when the
stubborn family members EO he be asking
if we can do another loot cave actually
on the moon another loot area and stuff
well I'm actually gonna be showing you
all another one we're back again you
know we're gonna be killing this shit
all day so guys I mean again we keep
slamming out those legs keep slamming
out everything else let's just keep
slamming them out let's try it again
let's get 75 likes I'm not going to ask
for 100 we're gonna wait a little bit
till we try to go for that one but yeah
guys if you have any issues with any of
these Luke Apes to just that then put
them in the comments and I'll get with
you there's actually a guy right now you
can't get a loot cave working right out
right when i get done doing this and
after he gets done doing some boundaries
and we hope in a mouth but on top of
that if you guys are new to the channel
and everything you want to start seeing
daily destiny Lou caves and maybe some
daily destiny content yo you don't hit
that subscribe button join the family
and everything but hey guys we're
actually here I think I just got a
message from him probably saying he is
ready yeah he's probably ready or
something we'll see him in a bit we'll
catch them just in a few but actually
what you want to do is you wanted to
start hooking up all of these dudes
right here oh and I think that's
probably the only two guys that was
actually the day and then what you do is
you actually turn over here you want to
kill every single last one of these hive
ass motherfuckers like that you empty
beach and cute then you want to turn
right back around see if these guys have
actually respond yet there they are
came up both come up and then you turn
right back around and these guys should
be spawning yep and then they all right
now you know what let me go ahead and
switch this gun yeah buddy yeah switch
to that fucking long-range start bucking
siphon you serve that halo Phi Beta
y'all be playing that shit like crazy
and I'm missing like crazy it's great
you know everything's crazy you guys are
crazy giving all those subs and license
shit so check it after you kill all them
again you just want to turn back around
we just start wanna fucking up all these
dudes just stuff them up don't belong
here now if a guy goes back around that
corner just like I that little pussy ass
bitch did your kind of fucked I mean you
gotta kill them for the sponsor to just
keep working so what you got to do
scared little pussy is there is you get
Rick bitch you just want to turn right
back around snide and snipe and snipe oh
shit we got a straggler I miss there we
go dead all right we're gonna wait for
these guys to spawn again might kill
them too fast nope not on cue bitch is
dead going crazy over here now let's
wait for this one as motherfucker new
beau now you just turn right back around
and boom we're gonna move up you as you
guys can tell this is actually part of
the fastest loot cave that's on right
now I mean this shit is fucking nuts of
course I miss fucking every last shot
y'all gotta work so I'm doing this shit
latest fuck oh my god oh my god Robert
Nickerson yo thank you for the subscribe
subscription welcome to the family and
shit why not you know what fucking I'm
not going to even keep going those guys
can show their this won't be a fucking
10 minute long video like how they
usually are me just keep showing you
guys you guys can clearly see if it
works yo if you guys want to sit there
and help us out sat then drop a like
down below let's try to reach 75 or even
more and on top of that if you are new
to the channel you want to grow us you
know you want to join the family and see
those daily destiny Lou caves and
destiny content and maybe you know some
some extras maybe some halo 5 beta some
shit just depends if you guys want to
see it we'll sit down we'll start
uploading them everyday daily yo every
day so sit then hit that subscribe
button if you're not a part of the
family so far guys if you want to maybe
play some destiny with me if you have
any troubles or just want to play maybe
chill out maybe do the raid with us or
something we're going to be doing it
maybe this week today's you know today
when this video is when come out gonna
be on Monday so the ray comes out
tuesday actually no I think it's coming
on Tuesday action when the way it comes
out so yeah I gotta work tomorrow but
when i get off i might be down to do the
raid just depends if my girl was
chilling I you know what I mean so check
it right there's my gamertag top
right-hand corner here right there and
just that they had me yo and we'll sit
down we'll play like crazy up in this
bitch and I'm infant day and you can we
can play more than I got GT I got a ton
of games but guys I hope you enjoyed
this video and if you did sit there
again hit that like button if you have
in any issues or just want to drop some
love or anything like that or have a
question put it in the comments below
I'll catch you guys later and this is
chris and i'll see you guys tomorrow be